he loves me he loves the not he loves me
he loves the not he loves the not I I
racked my brain for what to propose with
other than a ring she told me an
engagement cat might be a nice thing to
propose with I thought something that's
not gonna die I really wanted a cat and
he's allergic so I thought get me one of
those dander lyst cats you know the
5,000 unfortunately make expensive
present so I thought okay and I really
wanted a cat a life stage service
company that's how the naw Kham is
described Brides everywhere and even
some grooms no one has the one-stop shop
for all things wedding from buying your
dress to planning your honeymoon the for
NYU film students who founded the not
took it public in 1999 they use the
money raised in the IPO to buy the
largest regional wedding publication in
the country huh that's right new media
buying old media well Wall Street didn't
like that and their stock price
plummeted but the company knew that the
relationships they were building with
local advertisers would serve them well
in the future and since 2004 the market
has agreed and the naw Kham has climbed
to an all-time high above 28 in Sidon
Stephanie's bridemaids roast at the
wedding Lee made fun of her over
preparedness by saying that there was
like at least two maybe three different
hospital addresses and phone numbers
listed in the world and I did 24-hour
kinkos this company knows their niche
better than anyone else not ease spend
hours and days planning their wedding
registering for gifts and exchanging
messages with other brides I wasn't
allowed to use that word during this
interview um was I
I know I I don't think so at least I I
really tried by my heart is not to the
not shuns webcrawler style search in
favor of deep carefully maintained
databases that add value to the
engagement experienced users pay for the
not search and advertisers pay to be
displayed in search results so but not
makes money from both ends while
providing a service that's good for
everyone involved I have a mental
checklist you know get the venue get the
caterer get the people here get the
hotels get something to wear that's all
we need to do right in august of this
year the not acquired their largest
competitor weddingchannel.com and added
the best gift registry tool on the web
to their platform under the same
umbrella both companies have continued
to do well in the third quarter the not
reported earnings the quadrupled the
same period last year contiez gotta cry
a few times I'm not in certain with the
details as long as everybody thinks it's
the best thing they'd ever been to in
their lives I try to remember that this
is no once-in-a-lifetime thing and I
just wanted to savor each memory and
just that the planning process was
really wonderful
then not in habits of space on the web
that is as vertical as vertical can get
and like all successful niche marketers
they found that careful attention to
their users pays off in the long run
every year means a brand new set of
customers for a life stage business like
the not and as long as people keep
getting hitched and the knot keeps
delivering high quality niche content
their business will probably keep
thriving or get bought out by target
there's a whole interesting story with
your cousin and the waitress in the
heart but you probably can't put that on
the webcast